(BLOG) Status update for 2021-01-15 (#175)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-01-15-status-update.md

We're not going to lie - there's a lot to get through - we appreciate your patience as we try to get on top of this backlog, but we hope that when we do, it'll allow us to be much more responsive to tickets / issues raised by the Community.

There may be some that we will need to close due to long inactivity, however, please feel free to reengage with us over the next few weeks if you're pinged by JIRA activity on the ticket - we'll be very happy to work with anyone who has a contribution / suggested contributed that is beneficial to the wider Community.

## Puppet Camp: Call for Papers (March, April)

Puppet just announced on Thursday the CFPs for the two virtual Puppet Camps in March and April are now live.
Please feel free to spread the word and of course, if you are interested in submitting a paper, full details [here](https://puppet.com/blog/puppet-camp-call-for-papers-now-open-for-march-and-april/)

## Cloud CI Update

The Cloud CI provisioning service is nearing it's first v1.0.0 release.
We have begun to tidy up a couple of loose ends for the initial version.

> Although we have over 35 of the IAC supported modules using the service, some of our more complex modules are still not ported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now have 35 of 47 the IAC supported [modules](https://puppetlabs.github.io/iac/modules/) using the service, only the most complex modules are still not ported, and will require more investment in supporting their additional needs.
```

The future will bring a couple of improvement that will allow us to port a couple more modules (multi-node testing) and ease the module release process(automated module release preparation).

## DSC Modules Update

As of this week, there are 68 puppetized PowerShell modules with DSC Resources up [on the forge in the dsc namespace][forge-dsc].
We have meticulously converted all available versions of these modules in case you need a direct move from a prior version of one of the modules, meaning there's 642 total releases available right now!
We're hard at work on documentation and guidance for troubleshooting these autogenerated modules and transitioning from our legacy DSC integrations, more to follow!

## Inappropriate Terminology Removal

> [DavidSwan][DavidSwan] has been diligently continuing with the effort to remove inappropriate terminology from our code repos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[David Swan][DavidSwan] has been diligently continuing with the effort to remove inappropriate terminology from our code repos.
```
